Add note about needing setup key of true for dynamic configs to start (#5633)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/dynamic-config.md

Now, your project has the ability to dynamically generate and update configuration.

> Note: While the above will make the feature available, your static `config.yml` will continue to work as normal. This feature won't start to be utilized until you add the key `setup` with a value of `true` to that `config.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: While the steps above will make the feature available, your static `config.yml` will continue to work as normal. This feature will not be used until you add the key `setup` with a value of `true` to that `config.yml`.
```
